Refs #509 -- Added a tutorial to introduce how to cross-space CRC20 token to eSpace (#592)
Conflux-Chain/conflux-documentation: docs/core/tutorials/crc20-cross-space.md

At this point, the CRC20 and ERC20 tokens on both Core Space and eSpace are fully paired.

### Step 3: Using the Official Cross-Space Bridge

Now you can perform cross-space operations through the official [cross-space bridge](https://confluxhub.io/espace-bridge/cross-space), which involves calling the
`crossToEVM` function in coreSpace's BeaconProxy contract (after first approving the CRC20 token to the BeaconProxy contract).

![use cross space](./imgs/cross-space/use-cross-space.jpg)

### Step 4: Updating Logo and Token Tag Information

The remaining issue is that after crossing to eSpace, the token lacks logo and tag information. This might require official action through the Announcement contract.

![add logo](./imgs/cross-space/add-logo.jpg)

### Step 5: Displaying on Cross-Space Bridge

To be displayed on the official cross-chain bridge, modify the `native_token_list_mainnet.json` file and submit a pull request to the [conflux-evm-bridge](https://github.com/Conflux-Chain/conflux-evm-bridge) repository, requesting to add your token to the default display.

![default display](./imgs/cross-space/default-display.png)

> You can also visit the community-deployed version at [community cross-space bridge](https://bridge.fanscoin.org), or submit a PR at this [repository](https://github.com/ConfluxDAO/conflux-evm-bridge/) to directly display your token on the community cross-space bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frontend code of ConfluxHub is hosted at [conflux-dapps](https://github.com/Conflux-Chain/conflux-dapps). You can also customize your own version of token list as you wish by modifying the parameter [innerTokenListUrl(in dapps/cross-space/src/components/TokenList/tokenListStore.ts)](https://github.com/Conflux-Chain/conflux-dapps/blob/dev/dapps/cross-space/src/components/TokenList/tokenListStore.ts) and then deploy it.
```
